One.

The waves aren’t real. They were painted on the concrete dike from some distant memory. Real waves move and crash and dance and shimmer, but these waves are stationary and disintegrating. The paint chips off in places and underneath the waves prove to be hollow. Every wave a millimeter thick. All I see are those painted waves, I could turn my head right or left and know that the concrete dike will disappear in some distant point miles down the beach.

	It’s seems a cruel irony that the painter listened to the waves slamming against the tall concrete dike feet from where they worked. How that must have mocked the painter, a reminder of how dynamic waves are, that nothing in nature is stationary and nothing lasting. Centuries from now this dike will crumble and the waves will wash away this concrete, the remnants of the paint.

	I hear the crashing waves. They crash no matter what happens in this city. From the ocean’s view it must seem like constant folly to crash and crash and crash against that concrete dike that protects the city. It must seem as though the dike holds in some secret that the ocean has forgotten.

	The sand is cool in the night and it sticks to my arms in the dew. I lay my head down in the sand and stare up at the night sky. I remember when I was a child I could see the stars. I looked up at the sky and pointed to a star while my father tried to work out which one it was, calling out Saturn or Jupiter and telling my mother to come look, we found a planet. He said that as if the planet belonged to us. Maybe it did. But the stars disappeared one after another with every new row of city lighting. We travelled to an observatory and through a large telescope I saw Andromeda, heading for its collision course with the Milky Way. These two large bodies millions of light years across will pass into one another, coalesce, and not one star will collide with another. I have difficulty fathoming such a thing.

	I stare up into the black night and relax my body. I imagine as though I’m falling into the black, that gravity reversed and I’m falling into those invisible stars until I can’t breathe anymore. If I could only fall away from earth forever, maybe I could end up on Mars and my father would be vindicated, the planet would finally belong to us. With my luck I’d impale myself on some arcane satellite antenna before I reached the red sands of the Martian surface.

	The moon shimmers behind me as I crane my neck back to look. It’s shape is some dark yellow blob, dispersed by the ‘yellow fog.’ Osaka, Japan is like every other city, it exist in the constant stifling miasma. 

	The Leaders have made attempts to curb the rising temperatures, the rising waters, the rising population. ‘The hills don’t flood’ is a common expression when buying real estate. The Leaders deployed hundreds of atmospheric carbon dioxide scrubbers a year ago to help clean the air, but canceled the idea when one fell out of the sky into an African zoo and killed a number of endangered animals. The accident killed people too, but no one said much about that. But there is a solar sidewalk in Amsterdam that lights up when you walk on it at night; the world is both fascinating and terrifying without much reprieve.

	Noah sits next to me with his arms around his legs and his chin on his knees. He stares ahead at the painted waves, listening to the ever-crashing on the other side of that concrete dike. Noah’s arms are like boulders, his skin tropical hardwood, his eyes are coal. He looks at me and his black eyes are like holes, it’s as if I can see all the way through him into the night beyond, that reality bent for just a second and I saw someone besides the friend I’ve known.

	“Want to walk up there?” He asks, pointing to the stairs that zigzag to the top of the dike. I nod. He hands me a cigarette and I light it.

	A boy walks in front of us. I can’t say where he came from, but he’s suddenly there. He walks beside the dike with one hand outstretched, dragging his fingers against the concrete. He walks slowly, looking at the sand, at the dike, his hand straight out and mimicking the painted waves the best he can. His hand going up and down, up and down over and over again until I’m certain his movements match the crashing oscillation of the waves. The child hums in his throat and the sound echoes off the dike. I watch him for some time while Noah stands in the sand. The child is alone in the night, waiting to be swallowed by that point of infinity further down the wall. 

	I look at Noah and he shrugs. 

	We walk the stairs that lead to the narrow path on top of the dike. Most mornings you can find people running up here in order to earn their basic income. ‘Exercise for the State’ posters litter the walkway. We see no one on the path this night. 

	The dike meanders down the beach, one half the buzzing white electric of the city, the other half the consuming dark nothingness of the ocean. I can’t make out the waves crashing below and the ocean feels forbidden. The ocean feels forgotten. The ocean feels guilty. The black of the night sky matches the black of the ocean below, and as I press against the dike’s railing to stare at the emptiness I feel disoriented. There’s no horizon anymore, only shades of black creating a barely noticeable gradient. 

	We pass a sign reading ‘Exercise for your wallet!’ We pass a sign reading ‘Register for suicide credits today!’ We pass a sign reading ‘Overpopulation have you stressed? Have an abortion today!’ Underneath the word ‘abortion’ is the green symbol for crypto-credits. I refuse to think about how many babies have been aborted for the fifty-thousand credit payout.

	I can’t remember when all of this began. Maybe I don’t want to.

	There’s a boardwalk jutting out into the ocean. It’s lit with solar lights, creating a yellow line that defiantly pierces the blackness surrounding it. A man stands at the end of that boardwalk, leaning against the railing with his back to the ocean. He doesn’t move. 

	Noah tells me we only have ten minutes before I need to be at the place I’d rather not go. We stand smoking, letting the mist from the ocean dampen our skin.

	I stare at that man. I stare at him until he disappears into the night. The boardwalk stands empty while the man plunges into the frigid waters. There’s no ladder on the ocean’s side of the dike, there’s no Coast Guard or safety teams ready to pull the man in. The ocean is permanent. He’ll die alone, falling to the bottom of the ocean with all the others. They call these people the divers. They dive to their deaths for the suicide credits. One-hundred-thousand crypto-credits deposited directly into a bank account of their choosing.

	The bank is being notified that the man’s Life Bracelet doesn’t register a pulse. After three days the credits will be released. You must register for suicide beforehand so they know you didn’t die in a natural way. Natural death doesn’t pay. If you register for suicide and don’t die within a month, the Bank fines you two months of income.

	The Bracelets keep all your vitals stored in a computer, including how much you walk and run during the day. If you don’t exercise enough during the week you stop receiving basic income.

	Noah says its time to go, so we go. The stairs lead us back down to the side of the dike where all the sounds collide with one another. We walk across the sand, the city blaring bright in front of us. It doesn’t take long for the sound of the ocean to retreat. I light another cigarette off the old.

	“Are you okay?” He asks while walking toward a brown building that appears asleep in the bustling city.

	“No. I don’t think I am.” I say, but don’t look at him.

	“It’ll be easier in time, this first time will the worst.”

	“Maybe you’re right.” 

	“You’ll see.”

	The smoke rises from my mouth toward that black space above me, I watch it swirl and disappear.

	“They don’t need to know.” Noah says. “Why you wrote it is none of their concern.”

	“That makes me feel like a fake, a liar.”

	“You’re not. They don’t need to know.”

	“Alright.” I say.

	We crossed the Rails after two Pods sped past us. Blinking signs alert pedestrians when it’s  safe to walk, but with the State paying for suicides and abortions, I don’t trust their signals to protect us. 

	“What if I tell them why I wrote it?” I say as we begin following the solar sidewalk on the other side of the Rails.

	“Then they won’t understand your book, they’ll put it in that box and it won’t be the same.” Noah says as he lights another cigarette, as if he’s the nervous one, chain-smoking his thoughts away. He lights another and hands it to me. 

	“Why would they put it in a box?”

	“A proverbial box.” He puts his hands out to mimic the shape of a box, the cigarette resting in his lips, all his words coming out slurred.

	“Like a box where Jesus kept all his proverbs?”

	“Yes. Just like that, Grayson. Jesus’ proverb box.” 

	“He probably made the box himself.” I nod to myself, as if I’ve figured out a great mystery. “Out of wood, of course.”

	“Jesus wasn’t a carpenter. He was a stone worker.”

	I stop walking and look at Noah. “Everyone is so misunderstood.”

	The building is unremarkable next to all the brightly lit skyscrapers. It’s a brown bland ancient structure with grey concrete running around every floor. A pitted and water stained gargoyle perches atop the entrance. Noah leads the way to the backdoor and I’m greeted by a teenager with a large grin and acne. He tells me he’s excited and happy he can welcome me. His hand is out and I reluctantly shake it. 

	His hand is now pointing and he says, “this way.”

	The curtain is dark, obfuscating everything on the other side, my imagination filling in every hazy line. I imagine all the faces staring at me, waiting for me. I imagine an empty room, my defeat displayed in every empty chair. I imagine a burning room, everyone running for the exits. I imagine my words offending everyone, each person clamoring for a refund. 

	I push past the curtain and the room is indeed full of patient faces. Some are talking to one another in hushed tones, but most stare silently at the stage, looking at news on their Lens or adding images to their social media pages. Most in the audience don’t notice when I step onstage and for a brief second I think I could leave before they do. A couple in front of the stage don’t move, they don’t blink, and I can’t stop myself from staring at them, wondering what images are playing on their Lenses. I wonder if it’s more interesting than I am. I’d probably take the under on that bet.

	I stand on a small stage. It’s a small venue and there’s a small mic next to the stool I’ll use when my feet begin to hurt. The lights are low and my white face is highlighted against a black curtain background. The venue’s crowd waits for me in utter silence as faces begin to look up. They wait for the words I’ll read off my Lens. They’re simply sounds I’ll make, just a random collection of noises and pauses all put together to mean something. Yet, the audience can’t know the tears that fell on my typewriter as I typed. The audience will never have the truth, only the remnants I choose to call satire. They’re receiving scraps of myself and I feel like a conman.

	“My name is Grayson Ochs and I write comedy.” I say into the mic. Several people clap. More and more people begin looking at the stage until everyone is welcoming me. For the next hour, I read passages from my book.

My mouth is dry and my eyes hurt. I finish the reading and I’m asking the audience if they have any questions. The audience laughed at the parts they were supposed to laugh at, but I couldn’t find the humor in any of this.

	“That was only a sneak peek at the book, but I hope you enjoyed the rigid scientific talk we undertook.” I say into the mic and some laughter drifts through the room. “Does anyone have any questions?” 

	A mid-20’s Japanese man with facial hair stands up and waves. I point at him. “Is there a reason you decided to write a parody book on parenting?” He speaks Japanese, but all I hear is the English translation in my ear. 

	“Who said it was parody? This is hard science.” Laughter again.

	A woman with tornado hair and stance all akimbo stands up and doesn’t wait for me to point. “I was especially intrigued by the section on how to structure a babies diet. Would it be beneficial to select dirt from a bunch of different locations to add more bacteria to your baby’s diet?” She’s smiling as she asks this, juxtaposing her body’s expression. She’s beautiful, her hair standing atop her head, as if she’s daring gravity to punish her fashion sense. 

	“Of course, the more bacteria the better.” I say into the mic. “You want the maximum diversity of bacteria, so however you can get there, whether that’s dirt from different locations or just getting creative with where you get these microbes. I’m thinking of making a food corporation with all the needed dirt and diseases in it. I’ll call it ‘Baby Strong Inc.’” 

	I point to a middle-aged Japanese man with a notepad in one hand. “How did you go about writing this book?”

	“I purchased a couple of parenting books and corrected all their mistakes.” There’s quite a few laughs at this. “More realistically, I just wrote a bunch of crazy shit down until it made a book.”

	I tell the crowd thank you and leave the stage to applause. Noah hands me a glass of water and I drink it eagerly. He smiles at me and I know he’s pleased with the reading. There’s commotion as everyone stands and slowly exits the venue. 

	“How was it?” I ask. 

	“You were fantastic.” He says. I look at him, but I don’t know what to say. 

	The boy with acne is backstage and asks if there is anything I need and I restrain myself from telling him that I’d  only like to be left alone. 

	“Smoke in the back alley?” I say.

	We stand in the alley and the cigarette makes all the stress a little fuzzier. Noah brought cocaine with him on the reading tour, some marijuana, some random pills, some of whatever Noah brings on every trip. Cigarettes are good enough for me. Once they legalized everything, the thrill was simply gone. Give me illegal, give me degenerate, give me sinful, without it I’m just a law abiding white man and there’s nothing more boring than that.

	“Why Japan?” I ask him.

	“Are you just wondering that now?”

	“Yes, actually.” I say as I watch my fans leave the venue.

	“Because Japan is the most over populated former-country on earth.”

	“I don’t get it.”

	“Your book pokes fun at raising children.” Noah says.

	“I still don’t get it.” A line forms in front of the Rail station, while some walk home, making certain they receive their crypto-credits. I look down at my Bracelet, a tiny red light tells me GPS is tracking it, that all my movements are recorded. This was the price for universal basic income, and we paid it gladly.

	“There’s a stress in the population that your book will reach.” Noah informs me in his best scholarly impression.

	“Oh, okay.”

	“You still don’t get it.”

	“I already stopped caring.” Frustrating Noah is my favorite hobby.

	“Hopeless.” He says.

	“I hope for a lot of things. Like that you get laid at least once in your life.” I say to him.

	“You’re a baboon.”

	“Joke’s on you; they’re extinct.” I think for a moment. “Or, perhaps, the joke is on them.”

	We wait until all the patrons of the venue are gone, finally stepping onto the Rail a half-hour after the venue closed. We sit down on worn seats, the stitching mimicking real leather.

	The rail speeds past huge residential housing that used to be shopping malls. After the water began rising and the internet took over supplying everyone’s needs, there was a renewed focus on recycling all the empty stores. Climate refugees received vast amounts of crypto-credits from the Leaders for their losses and looked to buy real estate. Old shopping malls were quickly converted and sold off, some malls supplied thousands of units to small and single households. The old temples of over consumption ended up supplying climate refugees with living spaces, the poetic justice was evident and acceptable to everyone, while the rich lined their pockets off the climate migration.

	The Rail slows in front of our skyscraper hotel.

	“Drink at the bar?” I ask Noah as we step out.

	“I’m going to try that new morphine I ordered and simply relax on the balcony.”

	“Your a man of refined recreational pleasure.”

	“Was that sarcasm?” He ask with a smile.

	“And I’m the hopeless one.”

	“I quit.” His expression is stern. 

	“Good.”

	“See you tomorrow.”

	“I’ll find you on the balcony.”

	Noah walks toward the elevators while I turn in the direction of the bar, an area of the hotel illuminated by a million watts of purple light. I would say it’s blacklight, but that seems a risky proposition in an upscale hotel. There are several people sitting at the bar, while most sit on the cushioned chairs surrounding a glass wall of fire, dancing orange-red in all that purple. Most of the customers sit by themselves, staring ahead into the whirling flames without actually seeing them. If you were to walk over close enough to some people and stare into their eyes, you can see the colors moving, all those tiny projections from the Lens spilling into the iris, tinting the blue or brown or green with momentary color.

	I order a cocktail.

	A man sitting several seats down from me stares straight ahead. A glass of synth-beer sits in front of him and his hand is wrapped around that glass, but he doesn’t move. His hand drips with the condensation of the sweating glass. He could be a mannequin. He could be dead if he wasn’t sitting so impossible upright. 

	The bartender sets a cocktail in front of me. It’s some lime concoction mixed with a synth-liquor. It’s normally green, but the purple lights make it appear a dark brown. I sip at it and the taste is strong with lime, which I’m happy for. Synthetic alcohol isn’t known for it’s taste. 

	A woman sits down next to me, despite all the empty seats around the bar. She waves her hand at the bartender and I’m thinking I should move before I have to talk to her. 

	“Whiskey, please.” She says. 

	“With?” 

	“A glass.” She says to the bartender. He reaches for a bottle of synth-whiskey nearby.  “No! Whiskey. Real whiskey. Not whatever that is.” The bartender looks over the bottles until he finds what he’s looking for. The bottle is dusty and his face strains a bit as he unscrews the cap of the old bottle. 

	“I can smell that shit from over here.” She says. I don’t notice that she’s speaking to me at first and then I see a face enter my vision. More truthfully, I see a mass of black hair enter my vision and I’m thinking it looks like a dark tornado.

	“I know you.” I say.

	“Yeah, I was at your show.”

	“You asked the question about—”

	“—bacteria in baby food.”

	“That’s the one.” I say as I take another drink of the cocktail. 

	A whiskey is set in front of her and she drinks it in one motion. “I don’t know how you drink that.”

	“It’s not great, but at least it doesn’t give you hangovers.”

	“Just because it doesn’t give you hangovers and it’s made in a lab doesn’t mean it’s good.” She waves at the bartender again, “throw this out, get us two more whiskeys. Real whiskeys.” I shrug my shoulders when he looks at me, he then pours out my drink and goes about preparing two more glasses. “Did you know old whiskey used to be really expensive? Now people barely touch it, everyone wanting the next thing made in the laboratory.” Her finger runs around the rim of the tumbler. 

	Two glasses are set in front of us. “I haven’t had real alcohol in years.” I say.

	“It’ll burn. And gives you a hangover. You’ll love it.” She holds her glass up and I clink mine against it. 

	“Where are your manners?” She asks me.

	“What?”

	“You have to toast.”

	“Okay.” I look at the glass and back at her. “To hangovers.”

	“To hangovers!” She drinks hers in one fluid motion again and I decide to do the same. I couldn’t remember what real whiskey taste like, the burn starting immediately and spreading until I feel as though my throat must be catching fire. I’m able to down the entire tumbler, but she’s laughing. “It’s okay, you’ll get used to it.”

	“I’m curious.” I say as she’s waving over the bartender once more. “Why’d you attend my reading?” She turns her head toward me and one half is glowing orange from the wall of fire, the other half dark purple from the million watts of purple. 

	“Because it’s refreshing to have someone lie to everyone.” She keeps looking at me as she holds two fingers up to the bartender, her eyes never leaving mine. I look close but I see no colors dancing inside her irises. Her blue eyes; one black from the purple, the other glowing red from the fire. 

	“I’m a liar?”

	“Of course, aren’t we all?”

	“I write comedy.”

	“So it’s all a big joke.”

	“Why can’t it just be a joke?”

	“Because it’s not. Not now, not at this point in time.” The smell of the newly poured whiskey is a lit cigar, it’s the smell of baked nutmeg, of allspice, of burning wood in an open field. She holds up her drink again I clink it against hers. “To all our lies.” She drinks but I just stare at her. 

	“What are your lies?” I ask. 

	“I don’t have any.”

	“Is that a lie?”

	“Damn. You figured me out.” She says as I drink my whiskey. I take small sips this time. “Do you hate children?” She asks. 

	“It’s a joke, I told you.”

	“Is it?”

	“What are you asking?” I say and a small amount of anger is evident. I could blame it on the whiskey, but I know that’s not true. 

	“I don’t know. We all lie to ourselves, all the time, how can we be honest with anyone else? Maybe we lie so much that we forget who we really are.” I look at her. She winks at me.

	“Who are you?”

	“Who do I think I am? I’m just a girl who likes whiskey. Who are you?”

	“I’m just a writer.”

	“But that’s not who we really are, is it?” She waves at the bartender and holds up two more fingers. She then thinks again, and simply yells, “fuck it, give me the bottle.”

	“I’m still working on this one.” I inform her.

	“Work harder.”

	“I can’t remember the last time I had a hangover.”

	“How sad.” The bottle is set in front of us and I finish the tumbler of whiskey. My fingertips are numb and I’m rubbing them together with some expression of amazement. “See? You forgot how much fun it is not to be in control all the time.”

	“What’s your name?” I ask. 

	“Does it matter?”

	“What do I call you?”

	“I don’t care. You’re talking to me, why do you need to call me anything?” She says as she pours herself another drink.

	“You’re a riddle.” I say.

	“No. I’m simple. I’m just a girl—”

	“—who likes whiskey.”

	“And you’re a funny man, or so you say.” She winks at me again.

	“Ouch.”

	“Let’s go.” She grabs the bottle from the bar and begins to walk away. The bartender looks at me and I reach my Bracelet out and he scans it. The total for the bottle of whiskey was less than one cocktail. 

	She’s on the street waiting for me. “Where are we going?” I ask.

	“Somewhere we can talk. It’s a place I found.”

	“Can’t we talk anywhere?”

	“No. It doesn’t work that way.”

	“Alright.”

	We walk. She periodically takes a drink from the bottle and hands it to me. I light a cigarette and she snatches it from my mouth and places it on her lips. When she’d take a drink from the bottle she’d hand the cigarette back to me. We were just two people wondering in the night passing vices back and forth.

	“Here.” She stops in front of a small restaurant. “I love doing this.” She tells me to wait and walks inside the restaurant named ‘Dragon Noodle.’ On the street my vision seems somewhat blurry and I smile at every passing person, though no one notices me. It was quite the pleasant night and I feel happy for the first time in some time. I can’t remember exactly how long. 

	“Here.” She comes out of the restaurant and hands me a fortune cookie. 

	“I didn’t know they had fortune cookies in former-Japan.” 

	“Just say Japan. I hate the fact nothing’s what it is anymore.”

	“Alright.”

	“Well.” She looks at me with a smirk. “Open it.”

	“‘Within one month you’ll gain back something you lost.’” I hand the piece of paper to her. 

	“No, you keep that… so, what did you lose exactly?”

	“My mind.” I open my eyes wide and stare at her.

	“I should have guessed.”

	“What about you?”

	She breaks a fortune cookie, “it says ‘I’ve been in that damn cookie for far too long.’”

	“No it doesn’t. What’s it say?”

	“It’s personal.” She says with a stern expression, the humor gone from her eyes. She puts the piece of paper in her pocket and continues to walk.

	We return across the solar sidewalks and electric rails and she leads me to a construction zone. After searching along the dark chain link she finds a stretch of cut fencing and I follow. The building stood dark. Every floor looked like a perfect row of teeth leading up to the heavens. Every floor razor sharp, every floor perfectly spaced.

	Concrete stairs continue ad infinitum. Every floor we rise above the buzzing electric of the city, its people, its burning bulbs which obfuscate the night that holds stars hidden above. Every floor is a closer to a peace I had forgotten existed. It’s a funny thing, to forget what silence feels like. To see only ill-defined shapes, everything slightly uncertain. To feel the nature that barely exist anymore. Nature’s become so rare that we had to climb a skyscraper to find it again. 

	I lost her in the thick fog that now surrounds us. “Where are you?” I ask the quiet black night, I ask the fog.

	“Here,” is the fog’s response.

	“Where?”

	“Everywhere,” the voice reverberates around me.

	I follow the voice until I’m standing over the city, that burning nondescript orange spreading for miles in the fog. Above is blackness; the ocean is heard but unseen below.

	“It’s beautiful.”

	“It is and it’s always been here, waiting for you.” The quiet black night says. I can’t see where that voice is and I feel vulnerable so high up.

	“It’s lonely here.”

	“And?” I feel her arm go around my waist. 

	“It feels nice. Sometimes I simply want to escape.”

	“Being alone feels nice?”

	“To feel singular, I’m not alone.”

	“I’m here.”

	“Everywhere.”

	“Exactly.” We lean against each other.